this fast orange african against a buck
audrey is bad part of Zulia tampa
american carabiner algebra pratik worst
hindus from say Watson health for
Humanity yogathon can't get ahead surah
noor starry yagnik ah I you can't I
niyama sorry yo Kharma say hon tony
given me a good parivartan or suck air
above the eye yo wats a locally a pc or
should I say kum naheen the anabo San
Antonio Texas me in as Arabic as Jeremy
hooter or tristana Dhabi sorrow Quranic
there over forever scar cool solution
will work a loop on but a job seeker
night it is scam to ARA Pacis pseudonym
ask our caliper jamui I nothing
he event that we had today was the Surya
Namaskar yoga which is offering of 108
Sun Salutations this event we have been
conducting year after year since 2007
this comes in a two weeks period
starting from january fourteenth through
the first week of februari this is
coinciding with what is the hindu
festival of makar sankranti which is the
northerly movement of the Sun after the
winter
the significance of sankranthi of this
period is to invoke a sense of Sun
within us the Sun being this element of
fire is to generate that and to burn all
our negative tendencies and to invoke a
spirit of harmony and goodwill this
particular event here in front of the
Alamo is very significant because Alamo
is a strong symbolic message of
self-sacrifice turn-offs he looked
relaxed or rejuvenate karma judicious AI
YouTube sutra namaskar youngnam a
shamisen an alone balloon pranayama et
IDK y borracha some bok choy maybe is
yummy hope they just believe prendre new
Chaka kids are going to give a
demonstration of Surya Namaskar there
are 13 surgery my scar h one for the
name of Surya Surya or 30 mins of Surya
so they will first say the names of for
Surya then finally do one demonstration
of Surya Namaskar
over the years I've been doing this a
lot I've been very involved you back
when I was i believe in third grade I
got to go on Fox News 29 and do it with
a couple of people there and it was
really interesting and fun and I guess
that this is just how to be focused a
lot and it's kept me active Julia babalu
joubert bought the motion to me they are
not to a performing art center main
theorem got some study by DJ Drama
bedroom cottage india.arie Dalek NASA